Before you deploy, I want to share three findings — two of which are very likely your real Google problem, and the "eventually consistent sitemap" gotcha is only one piece of it.

Let me check one critical thing first against the freshly-restored PROD:


Ran cat
🚨 Found It — This Is Almost Certainly Why Google Isn't Indexing
Stop. Do not redeploy yet. Your sitemap will publish with 0 cities because of how PROD's data is set up. The replit.md "eventually consistent" gotcha is a real but secondary issue. Here's the real story:

Finding 1 — All 340 Cities Are Marked noindex in PROD ⚠️ CRITICAL
CITIES
  Total                : 340
  Indexable (sitemap)  : 0      ← every single one excluded
  Explicitly noindex   : 340

Every city in PROD has allow_indexing = false. The sitemap code filters them out (cities.filter((c) => c.allowIndexing !== false)), and the page itself emits <meta name="robots" content="noindex"> (app/locations/[slug]/page.tsx line 73-74: robots: { index: city.allowIndexing }).

So even if Google fetches /locations/austin-tx, the page tells Google "do not index me." Combined with the city URLs being absent from the sitemap, Google has no reason to index any of them.

Why is this state even possible?
Your admin dashboard has a button I found at app/admin/page.tsx line 209:

"One-time switch. Flips every city and press release to noindex EXCEPT the 41 protected URLs Google currently ranks."

Someone (or a previous run) hit "Apply noindex baseline" and it fired wider than intended — flipping all 340 cities to noindex instead of "all except the 41 protected." Either:

The protected list was empty/missing when the button was clicked, or
The "restore index" recovery action was never used after, or
The pre-multitenant snapshot you just restored from was taken after the noindex sweep was applied.
I'd bet on the third option — your snapshot bakes in the noindex state.

Finding 2 — /sitemap.xml Currently Lists Just 82 URLs Total
=> URLs that will appear in /sitemap.xml: 82

That's: 78 published articles + 4 static pages (home/terms/privacy/site-map) + 0 cities + 0 custom pages. If Google was expecting 340 city URLs and finding none in your sitemap, you've effectively told it "those pages don't exist."

Finding 3 — Sitemap Caching Is Real, But Worse Than the Gotcha Says
Your app/sitemap.xml/route.ts:

export const revalidate = 300
export const dynamic = "force-static"

This means:

The sitemap is statically generated at build time.
After deploy, it only refreshes on a request and after 5 minutes have passed.
Between deploys, if Google pulls once and gets a stale snapshot, the next refresh requires actual user/bot traffic to trigger.
The replit.md advice ("redeploy forces a fresh sitemap") is true, but the gotcha understates the issue. With 0 indexable cities baked into PROD, even a fresh deploy produces an empty city sitemap.

Bonus Finding — The Sitemap URL Itself Sends X-Robots-Tag: noindex (line 129)
This is correct — Google explicitly recommends noindex on the sitemap file itself so the XML doesn't show up in search results. Not a bug. But it does mean if you accidentally test "is this URL indexable?" by checking the sitemap URL with a tool, it will say noindex and confuse you.

What I Recommend (Take No Action Until You Confirm)
You have three honest options. I won't touch anything until you pick:

Option A — Flip everything back to indexable (full reversal)
A single SQL update against PROD:

UPDATE city_locations SET allow_indexing = true;

Pro: Simple. All 340 cities re-enter the sitemap and stop emitting noindex meta.
Con: If the original noindex baseline was deliberate (e.g., Google had thin-content penalties on most cities), this re-exposes that risk.

Option B — Use the admin "Restore from protected list" feature
Your admin page has a counterpart action ("Flips every URL on the protected list back to index"). Run that through the UI so the protected-list logic is honored. Safer if there's a curated list of "ready" cities. We'd need to confirm the protected list isn't empty first.

Option C — Investigate why the noindex baseline ran
Before reversing, check admin_audit_log for the apply-noindex-baseline action — when, by whom, what the protected list was at the time. This tells you whether the snapshot is in a known state or whether something went sideways. I'd suggest doing this regardless of A or B.

Plus, Regardless of A/B/C — Two Sitemap Hardening Changes Worth Considering
These are code changes, not data:

Drop force-static on the sitemap and switch to dynamic = "force-dynamic" with a short cache header. Sitemap regenerates on every request (cheap — one DB query) and is always current. Removes the "needs traffic to refresh" trap.
Add a deploy-time sitemap warmer — curl https://investorensights.com/sitemap.xml after deploy in your publish flow, so the first hit isn't from Googlebot getting stale build-time data.
I would not batch these with the data fix. Do the data fix first, verify, then decide on the code hardening as a follow-up.

My Honest Read
The replit.md gotcha was written with the right intent but pointed at the wrong root cause. Your real Google misfire is almost certainly Finding 1 — 340/340 cities marked noindex. That's not a sitemap caching problem; that's the database telling Google "no thank you" on every city page. Fix that first, then the sitemap caching nuance becomes a minor optimization.

Three questions before I do anything:

Do you want me to query admin_audit_log for when/who ran the noindex baseline (read-only, safe)?
Reversal posture: Option A (flip all 340 back, blanket), Option B (protected-list aware), or hold while you investigate?
Update the replit.md Gotchas section to reflect the actual root cause once we resolve this, so the next person isn't misled?